How's Lee? This is a part of the job that you're going to have some people
like this. People considered positive. I just completed, considered
it part off the child. I have to do it. Um, lives is a hassle.
You don't want to get to be, you know, be gracious. In or out of Boys
and disease are used. You are stingy in war over that hard on the
team because you don't want to be something I didn't do that eye on.
Then this way people will understand that your fair leader and that's
your only when you come out and say that was wrong. I understand.
But don't forget. Sure, you let people know when they got a good job.
I wanna hear you want if you want to hear that you want and that's
your team, that you're responsible